U239
B18
5/4/2019
5
Kesar's is open on Mondays!  It's kinda hard to find great Indian food in the general vicinity on a Monday.  It seems to be the norm that most are closed on Mondays.
Kesar's has great appetizers and some of these plates come with a lot of food so definitely bring some family or friends.  
Personally my favorite, the Gobi Manchurian, is cut large and tender.  The sauce is perfectly spiced; salty, oniony, sweet and sour.  This is one of my favorite dishes in a South Indian restaurant and this version was certainly a good choice for an appetizer.  
The Mirchi Bhaji, aka thick battered fried Jalapeño, for those that love spicy, especially since the seeds of the jalapeño are not removed, is a nice crunchy and spicy option.  
If you are a Chaat fan, the Paanch Chaat Thali appetizer comes with Bhel Poori Chaat, Pani Poori, Sev Poori, and Aloo Papri Chaat is delicious.  This is a very good appetizer to share among 2-4 people.
Finally the Samosa Chaat appetizer was a smaller portion, just right for one to two people.  The broken up pieces of samosa provide just a little contrasting texture to the tender chickpeas.
The Tandoori Paneer Tikka Sizzler was presented well and came out on a sizzling platter.  The Paneer was cut in large slices and was accompanied by raw onions, cilantro, and cabbage underneath. Paneer generally speaking to me is kinda bland and this version did not seem to have been given sufficient time to absorb flavors.  The exterior of the Paneer didn't really take enough, the Tandoori flavor on the platter and while the onions provided some benefit, it wasn't enough.  This was a good dish but not extraordinary.
The thali's here are really great.  Kesar's Special Thali is a fulfilling meal.  It may not look like much but at the end of your meal, you will be full for a variety of reasons.  First, you have the option of choosing several different bread options, including Naan, Roti or my personal favorite, Poori, a deep fried "puffy" bread.  In this order, there were 4 Poori that came in the Thali.  It came with a variety of small bowls including Shaam Savera, Dal Makhni, Punjabi Kari Pakora and Kesar's Special Subzi, which was on the occasion I went, a spiced cauliflower/potato mixture.  Of the small bowls, the Shaam Savera was rich and reminded me much of a Tikka Masala.
The desserts options are fantastic here and offer options outside of the standard Golub Jamon.  The Masala Chai is thick and rich.  It might be a skip due to the other fantastic after dinner options.
Finally the staff are friendly and will take time to answer any and all your questions.