U191
B3
3/10/2014
4
This review is for his food/kitchen - not for the butcher side (since we have not yet tried it).
So, this place is rather unassuming - you walk in, and see a meat/butcher counter and some chairs and a checkout counter. It's not the most visually attractive places and you can not eat there .. but the guy / owner runs a small kitchen in the back, in addition to being a butcher and let me tell you... it's really GREAT tasting food. His prices, compared to actual restaurants are about 30-40% less for a lot of entrees. So what if you can't eat there and place looks a little dumpy in a dinky old plaza - the food and price makes up for it!
List of things we've tried:  in order of yumminess (yeah, it's a word now.)
Chicken Kebabs
Chicken Makhani - like whoa delicious!
Lamb Rogan Josh - equally like whoa delicious!
Chicken Tikka Masala
Channa Saag
Chicken Biryani
Lamb Korma
Daal Makhani
Bhindi Masala (a little oily in my opinion and too many green peppers in the dish)
Naan - bought once, never again - a little dry and hard, not soft like they should be, so I just buy my own from the store.
Lamb Kebabs  - tasted tough and gamey the twice we tried it - won't ever buy again.
I've read some of the other reviews about some pinesol type smell - I've smelled it once.. I'm sure he's using some cheap cleaners to wipe down his floor and that coupled with the smell of being a butcher isn't really the most pleasing to be honest... but look, this guy has a crazy amount of customers for food/butcher services.. if he was selling crappy meats (beef, lamb, chicken, goat, etc).. I'd venture to say he's probably be out of business.. too many Indians in the area that know their meat to let this guy stay in business if he were selling crap. I've actually seen multiple ethnicities buy raw meat from him - so if you can get over the smell when he cleans, you'll be fine. We've done take out like 5 times from this guy - consistently good food.. .Full warning: its rich food, but its really freaking yummy (and much cheaper than the other local Indian places.. mainly cos he doesn't have the overhead that actual restaurants do)
So far, anyone I've served food to from here has loved it as well!