U27
B5
2/25/2015
4
To find such a high quality South Indian restaurant in an unattractive retail strip mall was a very pleasant surprise.  The reviews suggested good things were happening here, but did not prepare us for the amazing assortment of dishes coming out of the kitchen to our table.  
Our host and server was proud of his establishment and culture.  He spent time talking about Kochi and the Kerala State in southwest India, and the uniqueness of its history and cuisine.  It has been the center of the spice trade for centuries, with water and overland routes into east Asia and Europe.  Saint Thomas visited here, and there have been representatives of all the old religions since the came into existence. Their food reflects this international flavor.
We decided to try a little of everything, but focus primarily on the dishes indigenous to this part of India.  We started with Gobi 65, a beautiful red colored cauliflower floret batter coated appetizer that was only mildly spicy.  It came with an interesting dipping sauce, but that wasn't essential to enjoying the taste.  The texture was softer than expected, but the taste was pleasant.  A good place to begin the adventure.
Our main course consisted four dishes; Kappa Meen Curry, a Malabar Specialty, that was a mash of tapioca mixed with a Kerala fish curry.  It had the consistency of a good turkey stuffing, but the taste of curry and other spices.  If I am to critique it, it seemed a bit dry and was served only slightly hot.  I would have preferred a moister, hotter presentation.  We also  had Kochi Varutharachathu, a chicken based curry dish with roasted coconut and ground spices.  It was very good with soft chicken and silky brownish sauce.  The Eggplant Kuzhambu with baby eggplant, tamarind and onions was my favorite taste of the night.  It was both sweet and hot and came closest to melting in my mouth.  The Malabar Meen Curry was fish cooked in coconut milk with unnamed spices.  It was also quite good with a lasting taste long into the night.  It was quite different than the Kappa Meen Curry, which was dominated by the tapioca and much more spicy.  
As Kochi virgins, the house offered us a dessert gratis.  I believe it was Payasam (but, maybe not).  It consisted of ground sweet sugar beets, nuts, raisins and cardamom, topped with an orchid.  It was surprisingly sweet, sticky and delicious.  Even the flower was edible.  
The Poori and Malabar Parantha were both good breads, but because we did not use them for scooping up the food as the natives do, they were relegated to be an afterthought I used to soak up the sauces at the end of the meal.  
Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed this meal.  The room could use more comfort and color to help convey the feeling of leaving New Jersey while eating, but we were told that additional decorations were on the way.  I won't mind returning to see what they do with the place.