U294
B6
5/14/2018
3
When the mood for dosa strikes, I usually schlep out to Dosa Grill on 27, which has reliably served up tasty portions of those iconic South Indian rice crepes for years. My family and I didn't know about this location of Saravana Bhavan, a very popular chain of South Indian vegetarian restaurants in the motherland, until we serendipitously ate at Carlucci's next door. Since we craved dosa and this place is much closer to home for us, we decided to give it a shot for a recent Mother's Day dinner. The dining room was quite crowded, as expected on a holiday, so service ran a little slower than I imagine it usually does. That being said, no mistakes were made with our orders and the food came out fast. The dining room and kitchen themselves appeared tidy, and the ambiance feels a touch nicer here than at the typical cafeteria-style dosa joint.
We started with the weekend special, off-menu Gobi 65 and the masala vada (chickpea fritters) as appetizers. The Gobi 65 tasted rather greasy and lacked the red chili/curry leaf depth of flavor I associate with a good 65 style dish. The vada lacked the excessive grease our other appetizer carried and tasted great with the restaurant's fresh coconut chutney. Our dosas, one off-menu paper dosa and 2 onion rava masala, arrived promptly thereafter. The dosas all had a little too much butter for my liking, but the crepes themselves hit the mark. Our rava dosas tasted slightly sweet and toasty, and their texture struck a good balance between lacy crisp edges and more tender inner bites. Ditto for the humongous paper dosa which barely fit on our table; it had a shatteringly crunchy texture with a fermented, sour kick from the batter. The chutneys served alongside all tasted fresh, and the mashed potato masala had plenty of spicy flavor to accompany the dosas well.
Everything was going well until we got our bill. It turns out that subpar gobi 65 and the paper dosa each cost $12. These prices are quite high for this type of food, as most other places charge about $8 for either dish. Be careful about the prices of off-menu dishes. Similarly, expect to pay $2 or so more than you'd usually pay for comparable dosas. The food earns four stars, but the unnecessarily high prices bring the overall experience down to three.