U549
B8
6/16/2019
2
We came for the food but we paid to see a show. Off the bat, the food is not bad. It was very bland and average at best. The portion size was small -  even though you pay the dinner price, you will receive a lunch sized portion.
The service however...was pretty bizarre way. Our party sat down at noon on a Sunday. We came in with the intention of trying out this place by ordering from their lunch menu, advertised on their website and on the front door of the restaurant as "served daily." I asked the waiter, "where was the lunch on the menu?" and he replied with, "it's not today". This did not make sense to me. I showed him via my phone that you can place an order online for lunch special price. But he said if we were to order lunch online that they would not accept the order. At this point we felt like the place was a scam. I just wanted to eat and wasn't willing to argue with a man about false advertising, who clearly did not care. The service we received was very abrupt, unfriendly, no care or concern, and no questions about how we would like our meal prepared or level of spice.
The server asked if we are ready to order as soon as we sat down, and after we said "not yet", he left, never to be seen again. I had to get the attention of one of the other guys that was just creepily lurking around watching people eat. The atmosphere was made worse by the fact that it's super quiet in there and everyone, including other customers, can hear every word you say. We received our meal brought in by yet again another person and that was that. At this point I knew I would never be coming back here.
The best part was when the table behind me got into an all out verbal assault between staff and customer. Apparently the dish they ordered was not prepared as suggested by the menu. Asked whether or not they could fix it, the waiter rambled on to the conclusion that they would make it again but charge them twice for the same dish. The customers agreed to that, and at the end the waiter was seemingly offended and very loudly said: "okay, so no tip for me then!" After finishing their meal, they were brought the check which included an 18% mandatory tip for a party of 6! The thing though, they only had 5 people in their party. The father of the family said he's not going to pay tip for pathetic service and that the people working at this restaurant know nothing about hospitality, at which point one of the servers proceeded to angrily shout at the family. They loudly argued all the way to the front door! I was in complete shock at the situation and how that family was treated: not only they had to pay twice for poorly prepared food and were forced to pay 18% tip, they were harassed as well.
We waited for our check but no one came so I had to call the bus lady to bring it to us. This restaurant would do better if it could sell bad service as a gimmick.