U455
B10
7/10/2016
4
This place has got to be the one restaurant that has seen the trajectory of my life growing up. We absolutely love it here, and have come to celebrate every major life event that happened at home. There's no doubt this place has the best North Indian food in the area and the best place to go for a nice night out. It's actually kind of a hidden gem, since it's located in this drab strip mall along quakerbridge road without any flashing signs or banners. But don't be fooled, It's beautifully decorated on the inside and has seating for small parties of 2 to large parties of 20, which they've maintained since I've been coming here. The bathrooms are very clean, and there's free wifi. The seat's are particuarly comfortable, and during the evening they put on mood lighting to match the paint colors on the walls and on the ornaments that align the perimeter of the restaurant.
The food can't be beat either, regardless of whether it's the lunch buffet or the dinner menu. The panner masala and the paneer shahi are family favorites, but recently we've also fallen in love with their bhindi masala (super cripsy), and their dum aloo. The chef also makes Jain curries if you ask and there's a variety of exceptions they can make for specific food preferences (allergies, LI etc..). They're most popular drink is jaljeera, and I still haven't found a place that makes it better than here, aside from Mumbai. Their lassi (mango or regular) is mediorce tbh, and I would never mix wine with indian food, since it ruins the flavor experience. But I've definitely seen several parities drink wine w their foods, so I guess it works sometimes?! Don't forget to ask for extra chaat masala, pickle, and onions w your order - they come free! and make the taste experience even better.
I just wish the prices weren't so ridiculously high!!! I'd say the quality is worth the prices, but paying $180 for a group of 4 is just not sustainable lol I guess they're catering to a fancier clientele, but ugh let the people eat! Probably still gonna come back anyway - I guess this is how they get you and why they've been in business for 20+ years.