U27
B10
6/21/2013
4
Palace of Asia hides its amazing atmosphere and cuisine in a nondescript strip mall off Quakerbridge Road in Lawrenceville, New Jersey.  It is impossible to find the first time you go because the mall sits perpendicular to the road, and the signage is lost with all the other shops that populate it.  You would be wise to also be looking for the Indian market in the same location, Rice and Spice, to double your chances of finding the Palace.
Once you find it and try their interpretation of traditional Indian cooking, you will be able to find it in your dreams.  The popularity of their work can be seen in the expansion of the franchise to 4 locations, including, Palace at the Ben in Center City. I have been to both (@the Ben is around the corner from the Walnut Street Theater), and find the elegant atmosphere is duplicated in both places, and the food is very similar.  I enjoy the Lawrenceville location more as it is bigger and more satisfying to my palate.  Can't really explain that other than every chef brings something unique to even identical menus.  
While the dinners are very good, because my old office was down the street, I normally went there for the lunch buffet.  I still do.  
The buffet is an orgy of taste and texture.  Start on the right side with a large plate and work your way down to sample some appetizers, rice, chicken, lamb, beef, and veggie dishes.  Deserts are on the end of the left side.  You will need at least two trips to try everything.  Don't feel compelled to take everything at once.  It is not possible to fit it all on your plate, especially if you also take a piece of Naan to sop up the variety of rich sauces.  
While I have my favorite dishes there, everyone has their own preferences.  It is more important to taste everything and determine what moves you to smiles. Some complain that the spices are toned down at Palace of Asia, and they are disappointed that the curry does not take the paint off their cars.  While I am a spice lover, I have no problem with the milder approach that often accompanies the attempt to appeal to a wider audience, and can be found in even the best restaurants in Mumbai. Just take it for what it is on the buffet - trying to find the broadest acceptance.  Alternatively, order off the menu, and tell the wait person you want it strongly spiced.  If the chef comes out to talk to you about your directions, you know you are getting the personal attention you desire.  
Happy buffeting!