U1100
B17
8/23/2016
2
Jhopri has a lot of potential to be an amazing restaurant, but certainly still needs a lot of improvement. This restaurant is located in a cute little strip mall, which is seemingly newly developed, with convenient parking and room for a nice stroll post-meal. The ambiance of the restaurant is astonishing - from the color scheme to the decor (elephants!) to the seating - it's def pleasing to the eye. If we had left it at that, Jhopri would get 4 stars from me, at the least.
Unfortunately, the service and food leaves me no choice but to give it 2 stars instead. My family and I came here on a weekday for the lunch buffet, and there were 4 servers working - none of which told us we could help ourselves to the buffet after seating us, none refilled our water, none picked up our dirty dishes, and we waited 15 minutes for our check as they sat in the corner chatting. I was not the only one disappointed by the service as other customers were also walking around trying to get their attention for things such as: refill foods and utensils in the buffet or asking for the bill.
Let's talk about the food. Coming in for a buffet, I don't have extremely high expectations, BUT there has to be at least 2-3 things you sort-of enjoy, right? There was one vegetarian appetizer, harabhara kababs, which were a tad short of decent. The papdi chaat I enjoyed, but I took the last spoonful, and it did not get refilled afterwards. The chutneys were tasty so I was looking forward to the main entree, which were thoroughly disappointing. All the shaaks (curry dishes) were SO exceedingly bland! The paneer masala tasted like butter, heavy cream and tandoori paste - no spices, no flavor. The other shaaks we had were equally disappointing to us: navratna korma, malai kofta, palak paneer, and aloo gobri - I'm a vegetarian so these are the veg dishes, but the same gravies are used in the chicken dishes. They only offered plain naan in the buffet, which was filled and new naans were never put out - aka not warm. The rice was also completely plain - no jeera, no peas, no mixed vegetables, NO ME GUSTA. Desserts options were fresh fruit, fruit custard, and kheer. Ehhh.
Overall, the food is too bland and flavorless for my Indian palate. Don't get me wrong, I'm not one of those brown people who eat chili peppers raw - no, no, no, I can barely handle jalapenos sometimes... BUT I do think that Indian food calls for more spices, herbs, and flavor, which this restaurant was lacking.