U27
B6
11/9/2013
3
Sarvana Bhavan is part of a chain of South Indian vegetarian restaurants with outlets around the globe. West Windsor is in (and has) good company.
Their website talks of, "a synergy of taste and quality." I concur that the cuisine in this shop appears and tastes colorful, fresh and energetic. The décor is simple, without pretense. It is designed for efficiency, if not long term comfort. It is clean.  The service is prompt, and the menu organized around the Indian breads you wish to eat.. That concept is unusual. It is obvious as the aluminum trays of food are served, that great visual cueing is paramount to the uniqueness of the product.  You see the Dosa, Poori, etc., from across the room, before the veggies come into sight.  They are oversized and dominant, while the curries and sauces are in small dishes not seen until the tray reaches your table.  
That works as long as the object of all eyes actually deserves the credit by tasting good.  It succeeds.  The variety of Indian oven doughy creations are really the stars of the show; served hot, fresh, light and tasty - the perfect tools to absorb the spicy flavors that come to complement the bread (clearly not the other way around here). It makes perfect sense  when realizing that fingers are the way things are transported to the mouth in much of India.  The variously textured breads scoop, pinch, fold, and spoon easily.  Dexterity and sensitive digits are prized virtues.
Not surprisingly, although the accompanying vegetarian dishes are well done, they are something of an afterthought with so much attention grabbing by the breads.  My Potato and Cauliflower Curries were quite good, but came in very small portions - like butter and jam for your bread.  The Uthappam with Onion and Chili was a tasty Frittata-like pancake; big, thick, rich and fun to rip apart and devour. It came with 4 small dishes of sauce in different shades of color and taste.  
All in all, Sarvana Bhavan delivers an enjoyable and entertaining lunch at a fair price.  I am a bit unsure how long the novelty will work for me, and will return again as it is near my Jersey office. I am always on the lookout for a strong veggie meal alternative, and SB certainly is that.