U212
B7
2/14/2019
4
Let me start off my saying that Crown of India Cafe is not your typical Indian restaurant. It's a somewhat new concept eatery that serves all meals, including breakfast and snacks/light meals for those who don't want the typical Indian food experience which usually implies a buffet at lunch and a la carte dinner service. They have bagels for breakfast, sandwiches and indian street food for lunch, and also your typical full dining menu...basically, you have many choices. They have a separate Indian sweets section and I was told they make homemade ice cream on premises. It's kind of refreshing to be able to stop in for a snack and/or ice cream. Prices are fairly reasonable. I was unaware of all the menu choices when I stopped in for dinner, so went with traditional food (a la carte) items off their full menu. The saag paneer was tasty and spiced just right. The chicken makhani had wonderfully flavorful gravy, but I found the chicken to be very dry. One big deduction is the naan I ordered...I could tell it wasn't made fresh and was recycled, most likely from their afternoon buffet. I understand food waste and all, but a business can't be cutting corners serving items recycled from their buffet. It simply didn't taste fresh at all. Service was friendly, although I had 2 servers checking in on the table with quite varying personalities. One guy was super nice in explaining the business model to me, and their hopes to drum up some business with people picking up food during their breakfast hours before heading into work or catching the train. I wish them well as they invested a lot of money into the place and dared to venture into a new Indian dining concept uniquely distinct from your typical Indian restaurant. I'd rate them a 3.5 as of now due to the issues with the dry chicken and not so fresh naan, but am rounding up as I'm eager to try some of their other menu options, as there are plenty. I hope management takes heed of my comments on the freshness of items & not recycling food from their buffet for a la carte diners.