U540
B8
11/28/2018
2
If you are a big fan of abominable service, buckle your seat-belt, because *THIS killer restaurant's standards of food-service could not be lower if it were occupying the White House under America's current Presidential Administration.  I must tell you, though, the food here is very good.  From the mildly-spicy Lamb Saagwala to the terrific and colorful garlic naan, the flavors go on and on.  Even the jasmine rice and Chicken Samosa were excellent.  So, why a two-star review, you ask?  Well I'm going to tell you!
From the moment you walk in, you can just tell that something seems off.  The employees are extremely confused as to what is going on, what day it is, what you are doing in their building, and why the Earth is spinning 'round.  They might lead you to a table, or maybe they'll just stand there staring at you as though you had fallen from outer-space on their front lawn.  This restaurant is a BYOB, I think, because the waiter asked me an incomprehensible question before handing me a tiny blue bottle opener, and then walking away in a cryptic, mysterious manner.  The bus staff loves to lurk in the doorways or in the corner and leer at you as you eat, and then they instantaneously descend upon your table to take things away while you are waiting for a to-go box.  It is really quite something to experience.
As soon as you sit down, the waiter comes over and says to you, "You are ready."  I think it is supposed to be phrased as a question, but the execution does not bespeak this, so you merely have to say, "not yet," until he slinks away into the shadows, never to be seen again until you least expect it, and then BAM!, he is back with all the courses at once.  He might pour some Pellegrino in your glass, but it will probably be lukewarm and he will only pour a few drops.  If there is no more room on the table to place things, like the check, someone will find a tiny spot not taken up by dirty plates or glasses, and just squeeze it in there.  Just remember that between bites of your Panir Tikka, the restaurant staff at Cross Culture will be watching you.  And waiting.  Just waiting and watching to see if you are finished, if you are chewing, if you have a soul.  They will not rest until they have removed that plate from in front of you.  They will lurk behind you.  You will see them in your dreams, watching, waiting, biding their time until it is the perfect moment to strike.
They will stick their fingers in the glasses on the table next to you.  They will not wish you farewell; they will not greet you with a smile or a "hello".  They will watch every movement, and in this restaurant where there is no dinner music, you will feel the eyes, all of the eyes, on you at all times.  Beware, all who enter here.  You are being watched.