U781
B9
5/29/2017
1
*Check your food before you take a bite*
I and my friend went there during our visit to the university campus nearby during Memorial day weekend. Looking at their reviews here, thought that place would have good Indian food, but proved wrong.
They were having lunch buffet during the time we went. After looking at the dishes served I decided to go with a la carte menu as there was not much for me as a vegetarian for the $17.99 buffet (pricey in my opinion for what I was getting). So my friend went ahead with buffet as he got many non veg options and I ordered an onion tomato uttapam.
It was going fine for a few bites, I was having it with chutney so far and didn't touch sambar much, until I took a piece of uttapam and dipped it in the sambar bowl. At first I thought it was coriander or mint leaves but as soon I took it out, to my horror it was a "COCKROACH". A medium sized one. (I regret not taking a picture that time and posting it here)
I called the server immediately and showed him the dipped uttapam piece with the cockroach in it. I didn't say a word and just pointed at my plate. He immediately took the plate away inside the kitchen and we could see him talking to his colleagues.
One of the servers came and asked if I found it in uttapam or sambar. When I told it was in sambar, at once they removed the sambar container from the buffet table as well (Surprise buffet eating people!)
Then another server came and apologized saying this has never happened before and what can they do for me? I said I don't want anything as I am on my way to philadelphia and would be late now if I wait for a new dish and then eat it after all this. Anyways, my appetite was far gone after seeing the cockroach-ed sambar. He insisted to have something and offered to serve biryani instead. I agreed to it specifically mentioning Veg dum biryani (as they had it in buffet menu that time and as I am a vegetarian) and requested them to pack it as I didn't want to spend time eating it in the restaurant as we were getting late. They gave me the packed biryani and also didn't charge us for the lunch.
Then I found another blunder, as they gave non veg biryani to me instead of the vegetarian one. I couldn't eat it, of course, so I had to be without lunch that day.
Luckily I don't see any signs of food poisoning or diarrhea so far with me and my friend. Hoping everyone who had that sambar that day at 'Chennai chimney' is okay as well. Am not going there again for sure. However, if you plan to go there do check your bite before you eat.