U843
B9
5/1/2017
5
What an amazing meal my family and I had a few weeks back! Craving Indian food , after a long day of travel and touring the university, we yelped and settled on Chennai Chimney. In fact we first drove to another Indian restaurant close by, but decided the vibe there was not so interesting, and we came back into the quaint Princeton downtown area to get a better sense of what an evening in the area is like. What a great decision this turned out to be. My wife wanted something that felt special, and the romantic lighting and decoration provided exactly the ambiance that we were after. We had no reservation, but we were seated quickly. Our intimate table was set toward the back of the restaurant, yet it felt like we had a nice view of the action in the main space. We were surprised to find that the menu had mostly items that we had never heard of. Coming from Los Angeles, we thought we knew plenty about Indian food. And convincing our teenage and 11 year old sons to go for Indian is not always the easiest, so this could have gone terribly wrong. But my wife and I decided to trust the chefs, and order some things that we our kids would probably eat, and a few things that were new to all of us. The samosas were light and flakey. Just how we like them. None of those soggy samosas that you sometimes get. The Mahi Tandoor was so delicious. We had Palak Tandoor Paneer (spicy pureed spinach and cheese), Ennai kathirikai (eggplant), and Reshmi Kabab (ground chicken sort of kabaab dish) that was very tasty. But honestly, the thing that we all remember the most was the naan. Absolutely the best naan we've ever had. Perfect texture. Warm, moist... it could not have tasted more fresh. To top it off, the service was impecable. It's not often that my kids rave about Indian food, but both of them now talk about that meal all the time.  
Turns out, as we were about to leave Princeton to NYC, I realized that I accidentally left my credit card at the restaurant. I called and of course it happened to be the day they were closed.  One of the owners, Gipson, took my call and after a little explanation agreed to meet me at the restaurant, on his day off, to see if he could find my card. He dropped everything and met me there within ten minutes. So generous. We had a short chat about our delicious meal, how much we enjoyed the place, and how much better his food was than our go to spot in LA.  He was so proud of their recipes and the love that goes into their food.  
Once he opened up and found my card, I promised him that I would write of my dinner there. So here is my recommendation. Go!! Perfect setting for a romantic evening out. Also fantastic with the family or even a larger party.  Thank you Gipson for meeting me that day. Classy, generous man, and a superb restaurant as well.