U879
B10
8/29/2019
1
We dined at Palace of Asia (Lawrenceville) to celebrate the birthday of a friend. We had a terrible experience as the manager of this restaurant is extremely rude. We had several bad experiences while dealing with the manager:
1. The restrooms were not functional. When one my friends went to use the restroom, the manager rudely asked her "Is it an emergency?". Since his tone was disrespectful and confrontational, she naturally became uncomfortable and returned without even trying to using the restroom. When she went again after 45 minutes, the manager rebuffed her again. We are planning to file a formal complaint with NJ Department of Health since functioning restrooms are required at every restaurant. The attitude of the manager was horrible -- he could have been apologetic rather than being aggressive.  
2. We had purchased a gift card for Palace of Asia from Costco and the manager refused to accept it. According to the manager, we dint get the "actual" gift card (we had brought a card with a barcode but apparently that wasn't enough), even though we showed him the receipt along with the gift card. When we politely told him that this is a technical issue between Costco and his restaurant, and the customer shouldn't be held responsible, he yelled at us and said "I have been this doing business for 40 years". The whole problem is his extremely rude behavior. We were polite and respectful, even though it was not our fault. There was no need for him to be aggressive. At the end, he made a phone call and then accepted our gift card -- he could have just tried whatever he did at the end without yelling at us. We were not trying to deceive them -- it was just a mere technical issue between the restaurant and Costco.
3. Needless to say, the birthday celebrations were already ruined. We felt so bad after leaving the restaurant that we called the restaurant to give feedback. The manager hung up the phone in the middle of the conversation!
There are plenty other restaurants where you are treated respectfully -- we will never recommend this place to anyone else, ever. There are several other reviews below that have raised the same issue. Avoid dealing with such a disrespectful manager, who even after being in business for 40 years does not know how to talk to customers.
Edit: The restaurant has responded to my message on other forum. As was stated in initial complain, we had paid the $79.99 to get the Costco gift card. Instead of acknowledging their mistake, they accused us of not paying for the gift card -- WE SHOWED THEM THE RECEIPT. It is shameful for a restaurant to treat their customers with such disrespect.