U888
B10
3/12/2016
2
Been sitting here waiting for a while now and finally someone came over, but guess what he's a water guy and nothing more. He put down the water and said he would grab us a waiter. Then never did. Finally a manager came over to take our order (I'm assuming this due to his clothes where different then the others). I said my order and he apologized for the wait which was nice to see that they noticed the mistake.
So now the important part, the food. The tamatar soup. Tasted like tomato water from a jar of cut tomatoes. A few spices for color but none for flavor. It was bland and sad.
Nan was very buttery and western feeling. I'm used to crispy thin Nan made in a tandoori oven. Gritty and awesome. This was fluffy and buttery, which was weird for me.
Tandoori chicken... I'm so sad. Two pieces for $15.95? Now don't get me wrong, I'm not expecting a whole chicken but more then two little pieces. Then the lack of taste was even more depressing. It taste like home oven chicken that wasn't marinated enough or didn't have any spices. There wasn't any char and little flavor. Tandoori chicken I'm used to is red inside and this was white and bland. I should have knew better when the waiter told me to keep the nan sauce for my chicken...
I should also point out I do not smoke, drink, or do anything that would kill my taste buds. I  have a very clean pallette that picks up on flavors well. There were none here. Also why is the rice oiled?
I will say my dates lamb dish wasn't awful but it was heavily drenched in sauce so it should be better. I'm glad one of us had a decent meal, still not great.
What do they have going for them? Decor! They are so beautiful inside, which is why I gave them 2 stars. I bet the buffet is better because you won't be stuck with something you don't like. I'm never coming back and this saddens me since I love Indian food. So now I continue the search for a good place in the area.
Also when the waiters asked how everything was, I told them it was bland and they didn't say anything back, instead ran away.